Introduce a new configuration that skip storing audit payload if payload size exceed limit and skip storing null fields for audit payload (#11078)
apache/druid: docs/configuration/index.md

|--------|-----------|-------|
|`druid.audit.manager.auditHistoryMillis`|Default duration for querying audit history.|1 week|
|`druid.audit.manager.includePayloadAsDimensionInMetric`|Boolean flag on whether to add `payload` column in service metric.|false|

> |`druid.audit.manager.maxPayloadSizeBytes`|The maximum size of audit payload, in bytes, to store in Druid's metadata store audit table. If the size of audit payload exceed this value, the audit log would be stored with a messaging indicating that the payload was omitted instead. Setting maxPayloadSizeBytes to -1 (default value) disables this check, meaning Druid will always store audit payload regardless of it's size.|-1|

Reviewer: nit: This way we can avoid the update to the `.spelling` file

```suggestion
|`druid.audit.manager.maxPayloadSizeBytes`|The maximum size of audit payload, in bytes, to store in Druid's metadata store audit table. If the size of audit payload exceed this value, the audit log would be stored with a messaging indicating that the payload was omitted instead. Setting `maxPayloadSizeBytes` to -1 (default value) disables this check, meaning Druid will always store audit payload regardless of it's size.|-1|
```

Author: Done

> |`druid.audit.manager.maxPayloadSizeBytes`|The maximum size of audit payload, in bytes, to store in Druid's metadata store audit table. If the size of audit payload exceed this value, the audit log would be stored with a messaging indicating that the payload was omitted instead. Setting `maxPayloadSizeBytes` to -1 (default value) disables this check, meaning Druid will always store audit payload regardless of it's size. Setting to any negative number other than `-1` is invalid. Human-readable format is supported, see [here](human-readable-byte.md).  |-1|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`druid.audit.manager.maxPayloadSizeBytes`|The maximum size of audit payload to store in Druid's metadata store audit table. If the size of audit payload exceeds this value, the audit log would be stored with a message indicating that the payload was omitted instead. Setting `maxPayloadSizeBytes` to -1 (default value) disables this check, meaning Druid will always store audit payload regardless of it's size. Setting to any negative number other than `-1` is invalid. Human-readable format is supported, see [here](human-readable-byte.md).  |-1|
```

|--------|-----------|-------|
|`druid.audit.manager.auditHistoryMillis`|Default duration for querying audit history.|1 week|
|`druid.audit.manager.includePayloadAsDimensionInMetric`|Boolean flag on whether to add `payload` column in service metric.|false|
|`druid.audit.manager.maxPayloadSizeBytes`|The maximum size of audit payload, in bytes, to store in Druid's metadata store audit table. If the size of audit payload exceed this value, the audit log would be stored with a messaging indicating that the payload was omitted instead. Setting `maxPayloadSizeBytes` to -1 (default value) disables this check, meaning Druid will always store audit payload regardless of it's size. Human-readable format is supported, see [here](human-readable-byte.md).  |-1|

> |`druid.audit.manager.skipNullField`|If true, the audit payload stored in metadata store will be exclude any field with null value. |false|

Reviewer 2: `will be exclude` -> `will exclude`?

Author: Done
